"Batman Forever";"The Dark Knight of Gotham City confronts a dastardly duo: Two-Face and the Riddler. Formerly District Attorney Harvey Dent, Two-Face believes Batman caused the courtroom accident which left him disfigured on one side. And Edward Nygma, computer-genius and former employee of millionaire Bruce Wayne, is out to get the philanthropist; as The Riddler. Former circus acrobat Dick Grayson, his family killed by Two-Face, becomes Wayne's ward and Batman's new partner Robin.";"1995";"Joel Schumacher";"Великобритания";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Action,Crime,Fantasy"
"Starship Troopers";"Set in the future, the story follows a young soldier named Johnny Rico and his exploits in the Mobile Infantry. Rico's military career progresses from recruit to non-commissioned officer and finally to officer against the backdrop of an interstellar war between mankind and an arachnoid species known as ""the Bugs"".";"1997";"Paul Verhoeven";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Adventure,Action,Thriller,Science fiction"
"Cloud Atlas";"A set of six nested stories spanning time between the 19th century and a distant post-apocalyptic future. Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past, the present and the future. Action, mystery and romance weave through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future.  Based on the award winning novel by David Mitchell. Directed by Tom Tykwer and the Wachowskis.";"2012";"Tom Tykwer";"Germany";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Drama,Science fiction"
"Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole";"Soren, a young barn owl, is kidnapped by owls of St. Aggie's, ostensibly an orphanage, where owlets are brainwashed into becoming soldiers. He and his new friends escape to the island of Ga'Hoole, to assist its noble, wise owls who fight the army being created by the wicked rulers of St. Aggie's. The film is based on the first three books in the series.";"2010";"Zack Snyder";"Australia";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Animation,Adventure,Family,Fantasy"
"Catwoman";"Liquidated after discovering a corporate conspiracy, mild-mannered graphic artist Patience Phillips washes up on an island, where she's resurrected and endowed with the prowess of a cat -- and she's eager to use her new skills ... as a vigilante. Before you can say ""cat and mouse,"" handsome gumshoe Tom Lone is on her tail.";"2004";"Pitof";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Action,Crime"
"Hercules";"Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus, for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family, this dark, world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls, their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom, just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become.";"2014";"Brett Ratner";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Action,Adventure"
"Treasure Planet";"When space galleon cabin boy Jim Hawkins discovers a map to an intergalactic ""loot of a thousand worlds,"" a cyborg cook named John Silver teaches him to battle supernovas and space storms. But, soon, Jim realizes Silver is a pirate intent on mutiny!";"2002";"Ron Clements";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Adventure,Animation,Family,Fantasy,Science fiction"
"Land of the Lost";"On his latest expedition, Dr. Rick Marshall is sucked into a space-time vortex alongside his research assistant and a redneck survivalist. In this alternate universe, the trio make friends with a primate named Chaka, their only ally in a world full of dinosaurs and other fantastic creatures.";"2009";"Brad Silberling";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Adventure,Comedy,Science fiction"
"The Expendables 3";"Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet.";"2014";"Patrick Hughes";"France";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Action,Adventure,Thriller"
"Point Break";"A young undercover FBI agent infiltrates a gang of thieves who share a common interest in extreme sports. A remake of the 1991 film, ""Point Break"".";"2015";"Ericson Core";"Germany";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Action,Crime,Thriller"
"Son of the Mask";"Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himself in a predicament when his dog stumbles upon the mask of Loki. Then after conceiving an infant son ""born of the mask"", he discovers just how looney child raising can be.";"2005";"Lawrence Guterman";"Germany";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Fantasy,Comedy,Family,Adventure"
"In the Heart of the Sea";"In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ship Essex was assaulted by something no one could believe: a whale of mammoth size and will, and an almost human sense of vengeance.  The real-life maritime disaster would inspire Herman Melville’s Moby Dick.  But that told only half the story.  “Heart of the Sea” reveals the encounter’s harrowing aftermath, as the ship’s surviving crew is pushed to their limits and forced to do the unthinkable to stay alive.  Braving storms, starvation, panic and despair, the men will call into question their deepest beliefs, from the value of their lives to the morality of their trade, as their captain searches for direction on the open sea and his first mate still seeks to bring the great whale down.";"2015";"Ron Howard";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Thriller,Drama,Adventure,Action,History"
"The Adventures of Pluto Nash";"The year is 2087, the setting is the moon. Pluto Nash, the high-flying successful owner of the hottest nightclub in the universe, finds himself in trouble when he refuses to sell his club to lunar gangster Mogan, who just happens to be helping the mysterious Rex Crater mastermind a plan to take over the entire moon.";"2002";"Ron Underwood";"Australia";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Action,Comedy,Science fiction"
"Green Zone";"During the U.S.-led occupation of Baghdad in 2003, Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller and his team of Army inspectors were dispatched to find weapons of mass destruction believed to be stockpiled in the Iraqi desert. Rocketing from one booby-trapped and treacherous site to the next, the men search for deadly chemical agents but stumble instead upon an elaborate cover-up that threatens to invert the purpose of their mission.";"2010";"Paul Greengrass";"Spain";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"War,Action,Adventure,Drama,Thriller"
"The Peanuts Movie";"Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis, while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest back home.";"2015";"Steve Martino";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Animation"
"The Spanish Prisoner";"An employee of a corporation with a lucrative secret process is tempted to betray it. But there's more to it than that.";"1997";"David Mamet";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Crime,Drama,Mystery,Thriller"
"The Mummy Returns";"Rick and Evelyn O'Connell, along with their 8 year old son Alex, discover the key to the legendary Scorpion King's might, the fabled Bracelet of Anubis. Unfortunately, a newly resurrected Imhotep has designs on the bracelet as well, and isn't above kidnapping its new bearer, Alex, to gain control of Anubis' otherworldly army.";"2001";"Stephen Sommers";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Adventure,Action,Fantasy"
"Gangs of New York";"It's 1863. America was born in the streets. Amsterdam Vallon returns to the Five Points of America to seek vengeance against the psychotic gangland kingpin, Bill the Butcher, who murdered his father years earlier. With an eager pickpocket by his side and a whole new army, Vallon fights his way to seek vengeance on the Butcher and restore peace in the area.";"2002";"Martin Scorsese";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Drama,History,Crime"
"The Flowers of War";"A Westerner finds refuge with a group of women in a church during Japan's rape of Nanking in 1937. Posing as a priest, he attempts to lead the women to safety.";"2011";"Zhang Yimou";"China";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Drama,History,War"
"Surf's Up";"Cody is a surfing penguin from Shiverpool who dreams of making it big and being like his idol Big Z. On his journey he discovers his talents are not all he thinks they are and he must learn to accept that their is more to surfing than fame and fortune.  Surf's Up is a 2007 American computer-animated mockumentary film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and distributed by Columbia Pictures and ImageWorks Studios. It stars the voices of Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Zooey Deschanel, Jon Heder among others.";"2007";"Ash Brannon";"США";"http://example.com/image.jpg";"Animation,Comedy,Family"
